---
layout: post
title:  "From Sketches to HTML/CSS code"
date:   2019-04-27 13:08:19 -0700
categories: projects csci-599
---
# Introduction

Creating websites is a difficult task that requires expertise and a significant amount of time. In a typical web development workflow, web developers implement HTML/CSS and Javascript code based on a mock-up UI, which are created using applications such as Sketch. A task of synthesising HTML/CSS programs from mock-up UIs helps speed up the development process by allowing developers to focus on implementing Javascript logic.

In this post, we present a system that directly generates HTML/CSS programs from screenshot images of mock-up UIs. In particular, given a HTML/CSS libraries containing a set of HTML tags $$\mathcal{T}$$ and CSS classes $$\mathcal{C}$$, the system converts a screenshot $$I$$ of a target mock-up UI into HTML/CSS program $$P$$ that renders $$I$$.
We have consider two approaches: supervised approach and reinforcement learning approach. However, due to time constraint.

# Generating HTML/CSS Code with Neural-Guided Search

The HTML programs are formulate as a set of tokens, each token are either a HTML tag (e.g., `<h5>`) or a combination of HTML tag and CSS classes (e.g., `<div class="container">`), `#text`. Let $$f$$ is a function that predict probabilities of next tokens of the program given the current program and the target image. Then, the desired program $$P$$ can be generated by repeated applying $$f$$ to generate one token by one token, and invoke the rendering program to evaluate the current program until we find the `end` token that indicates the end of the program.

To estimate $$f$$, we use a encoder-decoder paradigm that encodes a target image to a representation vector $$z$$, then feed $$z$$ with other tokens of the programs to an LSTM to decode the next token.

# Related Work

Pix2code

# Empirical Evaluating

We are evaluting 

# Discussion and Future work

# References

# Appendix

#### Reinforcement Learning Approach

<style>
	.post-content {
		text-align: justify;
	}
</style>
<script type="text/javascript" async src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mathjax/2.7.5/MathJax.js?config=TeX-MML-AM_CHTML"></script>

